What sweetheart's daughter-in-law
Lin Sisi has long run away from marriage
Where the love has changed, get out of here
Who is Liaoshen roaming outside?
Hey, Yueshen
I don't know where the wild girl came from
Deceived into our house
I'll drive him away now.
I'm not here to cheat
I'm the neighbor's biological daughter
Come to travel
What's your name?
My name is Miss
I am 18 years old.
My name is Zhou Yuesheng
I am 30 years old.
You think about it
Uh, yeah.
I have three children.
Although not my own
But it has passed to my name
And I'm not going to have kids.
If there is a man who brings his own children, it is better for me to have them by myself
Is there any better benefit than this?
First of all, mothers are great.
Secondly, I will be a good stepmother
OK, you can stay first.
Moon birth
How did you let him stay so easily?
Lin Sisi cheated marriage
The forest doesn't pay the bride price
I just found a wild girl to top it
You mustn't believe him.
This aunt
First they wouldn't let me in
Now you won't let me marry
What, you got someone better?
You don't have to worry about Liu Chan
I have no other requirements from you
Just be good to the child
As for the wedding
If you have any ideas, just tell me directly.
The factory still has something to do
I'll go first
Hey
Don't think that Yue Shen agreed to marry into the Zhou family
I've seen a few days when they were kicked out
Are you Zhou Yueshen's biological mother?
No, definitely not.
You are scary to come to work alone
also
Dare to point and draw in front of my future mistress
Who gave you the feet?